what's up blockades welcome to black and
low when the name of the Demi game is
attack defend filled and destroy team up
build your plan take the objectives no
game is ever the same your base is here
their base is there your job blockheads
is to get over there and kick a lot of
ass along the way but building is as
important bullets bad boys so before you
get all excited and start spraying and
praying you better Laura defy your base
with tourists they're trapped bad locks
amal blocks bounce block gusta blocks
what the block oh the counter is ticking
down and bail little place is over and
it's time to rumble you're gonna need to
be smart to survive your brain is as
important as your trigger finger in this
game so plan your attack tunnel under
the map or cata pulled over it they'll
never see so let's meet the heroes of
block and low sergeant stone eat dirt
lame ass o Brahmin brain Sarge you seen
a lot of action but nothing like this we
talked with evil of this team man's got
a lot of heart mini guns and mortars on
the hallmarks of his high-tech war
obi-wan shinobi I call upon my warrior
spirit master emotion causing the
Mavericks feed scaling walls packing a
mystical punch with supernatural skill
why does it do that stephanie was coming
she don't play bad cuz this is chemical
man Tony Toretto either rumblings from
the right side of town the east side
dummy where the real work gets done
Sebastian Bertie long shot and another
one a marksman a traveler no taught you
start the game and now he's hunting you
so now you men to heroes get in the game
filter plan take the objectives as work
as a maverick team we're building is as
important as bullets and some game is
ever the same Bob the dog don't see on
that can of whoop-ass Jack you're
helping out Wow lock and load but the
black you gonna do
you